Add authentication documentation (#11834)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/intro/accounts.rst

* Automatic webhook creation on project import

.. seealso::

   :doc:`/guides/connecting-git-account`
     Learn how to connect your Read the Docs account with a Git provider.

Google authentication
---------------------

.. include:: /shared/admonition-rtd-business.rst

Read the Docs supports Google authentication for organizations.
Google authentication works well for users already using Google services,
and easily integrates into your existing workflow.

Google provides authentication, but not authorization.
This means that you can login to Read the Docs with this method,
but we aren't able to determine which projects you have access to automatically.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`sso_google_workspace`
    Learn how to configure Google authentication for your organization.

SAML authentication
-------------------

.. include:: /shared/admonition-rtd-business.rst

Read the Docs supports SAML authentication for organizations.
SAML authentication is a secure way to authenticate users and manage access to your organization's projects.
This is only available on Enterprise plans,
and requires custom integration to be enabled.

SAML provides authentication, but not authorization.

> This means that you can login to Read the Docs with this method,
> but we aren't able to determine which projects you have access to automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that users can login to Read the Docs with this method,
but we aren't able to determine which projects each user has access to automatically.
```

.. seealso::

   :ref:`sso_saml`
    Learn how to configure SAML authentication for your organization.

> Two factor authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two-factor authentication
```

-------------------------

> Read the Docs supports Two Factor Authentication (2FA) for added security on all authentication methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the Docs supports two-factor authentication (2FA) for added security on all authentication methods.
```

If you have 2FA enabled on your account, you will be prompted to enter a code
when logging in.

.. seealso::

    :doc:`/guides/management/2fa`

>       Learn how to enable and disable Two Factor Authentication on your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Learn how to enable and disable two-factor authentication on your account.
```
